hey guys I'm here in my new studio and
doing an unboxing but I cannot unbox
this alone and I was lying this is not a
new studio I have a special guest ready
guys it's very exciting
it's March as ok so sort of you know
people who don't know who you are
explain what your YouTube channel sure
cool hi marques I'm a tech video the
channel is mkbhd on youtube and i talk
about stuff like this
within here and related electronics a
lot and Sergey has this gorgeous studio
it's so cool to see in real life but I
like I'm getting a new MacBook this is a
big deal I haven't upgraded this is a
big deal 2012 ok so we're gonna we're
going to embark on that but mark says I
want you have an honor and I'm not I
don't really want to pull this out yeah
does not get old so this is the new
MacBook Pro accumulate processor 3.1
gigahertz um 16 games Ram I was kind of
disappointed that you didn't how about
32 gig upgrade yeah there's a couple
strange things I mean compared to other
laptops about this thing you kind of
have to get what you want
through out the box because you can't
upgrade it later have you been enjoying
your touch bars I have some people love
it on in that camp some people not so
much
I'm in the campus I've used from my
friends I don't quite understand but
people say it changes once this actually
becomes your machine that is true this
is so exciting so marques how long have
you been doing your YouTube channel
other making tech videos for seven years
seven years Wow that is epic and what do
you go to school for most school for
business and I learned a lot about the
businesses and make stuff like this
[Music]
you covered so many tech products
outside of phones what is the funnest
corchia thing that caught your eye that
you might not use every day but you're
just like okay okay so I'm not a big
gamer but Nintendo switch kind of
changed that a little bit in me it feels
like the perfect flight to make like
companion which is like just the right
size where you pick it up use it the
ground glass the whole flight like it
does capsule tell me dust you have I'd
actually been asked that before yeah all
right so one two three poker table is a
table not a death okay four is the gray
one in the back five is this black and
wood one six of them with the monitors
on it seven is this one right here
that's a table that's it I'm rolling
table I'm going death rolling dead eight
nine I kind of already yeah
well both mine they're worth two more
but they're in a different room now am I
saying that a lot of people give me a
hard time for is I am a Adobe Premiere
user I do a lot of video production type
stuff so I just went to Cuba I shot
everything in 4k haven't been able to
touch the footage I'm hoping that this
new MacBook will really help me in terms
of turning through 4k but you you use
final cut right II haven't always been
that way what made you change before any
serious editing I was using some other
software but then I started with Adobe
Premiere I think the turning point for
me was just for performance working with
some Final Cut editors who were
exporting cold videos and then finding
mistakes in those videos correcting them
inside a set and then exporting them
again all while my videos like 30
percent done exporting upon same
information okay so what we're going to
do Marquez's going to get his MacBook
Pro yours is similarly SPECT out yes so
we are going to try to render the same
video files but I'm going to do them on
premiere on my machines and final cut on
his so we need a dongle to do all of
these things if you have a specific
compartment just for all of your dongle
literally
you let me show you right here behind
our show show off the the phones are
very smart
oh I couldn't I've reviewed a few in my
day I make videos about a lot of them in
the back here you got your dongle dongle
area mm-hmm
he's my life Thunderbolt now full-size
USB first time with the touch bar mark
has already helped protip you click and
then you slide you don't have to tap and
then do it installing a dovish mirror on
the new computer and I'm liking me to
use actually that's good because you
have to use them a lot so we have two 4k
clips each one repeated twice to make it
a roughly four two minute video and
final cut timeline on the new MacBook
Pro premiere timeline on the new MacBook
Pro and premier timeline on your work
boys yes twenty twelve month 2012 on
three on three okay one two three
and the world so we're about 50 seconds
in looks like Final Cut blazing sixty
four sixty five percent
we have premiere here at 23 percent
already and we have old MacBook Pro at
fifteen fifteen percent almost double
between a new MacBook but I don't cut is
destroy so you can see where that
experience came in done Wow
export it again just see if I can do
it's like okay marking no no need to
show us something that I always say is I
am seeing faster in Premiere when it
comes to editing the time that I would
be saving rendering out a video I would
be second Final Cut struggling and so
that's kind of my thing just because I
love Premiere and I love you to be
Suites and how Photoshop and Lightroom
can all sync up together and
after-effects a big avenge if you use
all the things they all talk to each
other I don't use any of them it was
less of uh here comes export number two
so he has exported the video twice in
the time that I'm still waiting for both
my videos in Premiere alright so we just
finished on my new MacBook at 357 357
and my old one still has two minutes and
50 seconds and you over here and file
you know alright well this kind of
proved what you guys have been saying
but still to me
I am so sucked in to the Apple ecosystem
and the Adobe ecosystem but I think
you've convinced me that I need to at
least see what it's like maybe not that
is a success that's it
well thank you so much for unboxing my
new computer revenue I enjoy this
difference in speed also my Malcolm is
very I am so excited and Marquez's link
will be in the description below check
him out you pro all of you guys probably
know who he is but if you don't check
him out any exciting videos soon yes of
course there's a there's a new camera
made by red in a smartphone crazy
we saw you tweeting about that I could
not believe my eyes hi I'm back at my
apartment I wanted to take a couple
minutes just to show you how I have my
macbook set up and my initial box I have
used it for about a week now I work a
lot from of my apartment so most of the
time I'm sitting at this desk with my
two Apple monitors these are the 27
inches Thunderbolt monitors and that was
my first question when buying this
MacBook is there a dongle I can use to
connect my monitors yessir with yes and
the dongle that you need is just be
Thunderbolt 2 USB see it takes up the
left two ports and then I have two ports
left from the power and then also a USB
C 2 USB 3 dolls that goes to a USB 3
extender hub thing technical term these
are camco speakers they sound pretty
good I just plug that into the headphone
jack but yeah this is my setup first
impression when we my laptop it loads up
pretty well however I have had to
restart my computer in order for the
monitors to wake up with the computer
sometimes it has difficulty connecting
because my bluetooth mouse or keyboard I
think of another charger just so I can
leave my main charger here so I don't
have to detach any dongle
so simpler the process is the better so
I just leave my starter voltage USBC
dongle to connect
is to my monitors as well as the power
and the dongle connected to the hub and
then I purchased two different dongle
light contractions for when I'm on the
go if you've seen the apples all go
there a lot there's so many and it's
very hard when you're just headed to a
coffee shop or when you're traveling so
I took to the Internet and I purchased
two different hubs type things where you
can just plug it into one port or two
ports into your MacBook and you get all
of the connections that you need so this
one is the most popular recommendation
I've gotten it is the hyper drive you
plug it into two of the USB C port and
this one is a simple one that I bought
off Amazon that I'm going to compare the
two so stay tuned on my Instagram
stories I'll probably be talking about
the differences every time Apple
announces a new product and it's slimmer
and lighter I get angry and I'm like I
don't need a smaller product or a
thinner product how about better battery
am i right but actually it helps the
thinness of the laptop and the lightness
is actually a nice addition to when I'm
rolling around with my backpack or just
carrying the laptop this will definitely
hold me over for awhile I am so glad to
say goodbye to my 2012 MacBook I am so
very curious about building a PC venue
and new trip is coming up soon so I
might pause on that adventure thank you
so much for joining me I am stoked on my
new laptop if you're new around here
make sure to hit that subscribe button
for new videos every single Monday
through Friday I do text I also do
create a focus stuff vlog stuff on this
from New York City but I travel a lot of
Colombian oh so like this video hit the
subscribe button down below if you're
curious about some of the things that I
just talked about they will be linked in
the description below as well stay
peachy alright thanks
[Music]
you